uh hello this is cash make down another
update with foreign line as you can see
no this is not for the line um we need
caicos i see i decided on my own
adventure in the background you see it's
just a basic one what the camera effect
without that i have a map I love spawn
which a guy's function which Christ lip
and comes down and then I added way you
can select your loadout and let it going
all the way to customize and pretty soon
I'm gonna be adding a boat boat mop the
so far there are no customization I
haven't I haven't figured out which guns
to add and maybe was well if you guys
can send me a message on basic guns I
would be happy but I it's all right rami
so I added a kill span and everything
the most kills is gonna be uh I pure
straight guy that's gonna pop up on the
side which is gonna tell you who killed
who wouldn't I think at the inner are
I'm gonna see you like add a I've got
oh okay all right and spawn I haven't
been able to work on a automatically to
select but they should be able when you
can select for head the arms have aim
which is like click function and I've
been creating on a break just it all so
pale motivation level is wherever it's
called a lot of pronounce it but yeah I
plated an actual violence city mostly
two days in that half I'll for the
public and low down top I have the cash
and on the bottom left or not every way
it was it's going to have a team which I
have not added yet and on the left
corner which is a big and also a refresh
elimination
and you lost you need anything that is
more than good oh boy flash maker with
my birthday